Okay.
Our next subject is really really interesting and that is going to be the background how we can add
background in our success as an image.
Now in order to start working on this we we're going to have to get images.
So I'd like to spend this video with this setup.
Now you don't have to follow along.
You can just go to resources and get everything that I'm gonna be doing this video.
But I do want to show you again to repeat where we're getting images how we can save them and how we
can crop them.
Now before I do anything right now with images let me just delete my CSX service services says is going
to be clear as well as in the next session email.
We're going to get rid of all these divs that we did use in the previous video.
Okay.
Also we also can delete this guy.
We don't need it.
The photo is going to go bye bye.
And then yeah let's go and look for images and you know what.
I don't need the console.
I don't think we will need it and let's open up the new tab again we can use pics eBay or pixels.
I'm gonna go with pixels.
What kind of image we can be looking for let's say we're gonna get this one this is kind of interesting.
And again the way we'll do that we're gonna save images and then we're looking for where we're saving
this.
So in this case I'm gonna call this big image.
Now you don't have to technically name it this way but there is a reasoning behind this.
So again this is really up to you.
I'm gonna say that this is going to be big.
Then another image that I'm gonna be looking for is gonna be let's say this guy.
And again we're going to do save human jazz and I'm going to call this one small again name it.
How are you'd like.
And I'm going to name it this way.
And then what else we have.
I guess we can maybe work with the actual building here.
Let's say save em a jazz.
Now the key here is going to be that I would like to create a folder and then I'm gonna save this image
in the folder.
So I'm going to call this first of all folder image that's going to be my name.
And then first I would like to create a new folder.
And again this is just to show you something how we would get the path here.
Let's say AMG or images doesn't really matter.
I'm going to create it and then I'm gonna save it within this folder hopefully you are successful.
Now I'm going to head over to my folder and I would like to crop the small image.
So the the one that's in the images folder as well as the big the big image can stay the same but the
small one I would like to actually crop it and not in the Photoshop.
I'm just going to do it the quick way in the actual Mac something to say within the tools I would like
to adjust the size and let me just get something small.
You know what I actually want a really really small.
So I'm going to say a hundred by hundred.
And this is gonna be very very small image.
Let me save it and I think now we have all our setup so we can go ahead and start learning about background
image property in the easy says.